********************************************************************************
*                        Compilation & Installation                            *
********************************************************************************

Requirements:
gcc
libc6
bash or compatible shell linked to /bin/sh for kbdleds-control
perl for kbdleds-server
/dev/console

Installation:
Unzip the tarball.
make
su root
make install
make install-tools

Uninstallation:
Either delete the file /usr/bin/kbdleds manually or cd into the directory
containing the makefile and do a make uninstall.

********************************************************************************
*                                  Usage                                       *
********************************************************************************

General Usage: From the command line

kbdleds requires read and write access to /dev/console to run. Arguments passed
to it on the command line are processed in the order that they are specified. To
see a list of supported options, run kbdleds with the -h switch. 

Using kbdleds like a system daemon:

Use the kbdleds-control script to control kbdleds like a system daemon.

# /usr/local/etc/kbdleds-control {start|stop|restart}

To get it to work properly, you will need to edit the line starting with
PATTERN= to set the pattern (or set it to `cat path/to/pattern.file` to use a
file.)

Using kbdleds in a server:

Use the kbdleds-server script to run kbdleds as a tcp server. After connecting
to the server, data sent by the client is put onto the command line after 
kbdleds. It also allows non-privelidged processes access to the leds.
NOTE: Log messages generated by the script and sent to STDERR.

# /usr/local/etc/kbdleds-server
